Previously on The Vampire Diaries :
For over a century,
I have lived in secret.
Until now.
I know the risk, but I have to know her.
- What are you?
- I'm a vampire.
- He told me about your ex, Katherine.
- You must be Elena.
- How do we look exactly alike?
- I don't want you seeing Elena.
If you don't remove her from your life,
I will kill everyone that she loves.
The Lockwoods are werewolves.
You have to trigger the curse.
Somebody has to die at your hands.
- Tried to kill a werewolf. Failed.
- Now you made an enemy.
Thank you, Mason. Let's do this.
Each with a stake in the heart,
then burn them both.
- Hi, Mom.
- Keep Caroline away from me, please.
- She's your daughter.
- Not anymore.
I'm just looking for this old piece
of my mom's. It's a moonstone.
- Thank you.
- You got it.
I got it.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You're staring.
I'm gazing.
- It's creepy.
- It's romantic.
- Hey.
- Mm.
- Ahh, this is bad of us.
- Mm, yes, it is.
- Lf Katherine finds out...
- Katherine who?
- Ha, ha.
- Mm.
Shh, shh, shh.
Miss Flowers will think I'm a floozy
if I have a man in here.
Why are you staying here?
Because I like this bed and breakfast.
Don't you?
- I love it.
- Mm.
Mm. Okay, I, um...
I need to be in the shower.
- Love it. Let's go.
- Ha, ha. No, just me.
I'm late. I'm decorating
at the Lockwood charity thing.
Well, what do you know? So am I.
Do you think that's really a good idea
to be at their house today?
Mason Lockwood tried to kill you.
- Where's the moonstone?
- Somewhere safe.
- Don't you trust me?
- I don't trust anyone.
I don't trust Mason. I wanna be there
today to keep an eye on him.
Okay.
But then we can't touch or talk.
And no lingering stares.
No, none of that.
What do you think will happen...
...if Katherine finds out
that we were fake fighting?
You scared I'm gonna kill you?
- No. You won't.
- Mm.
- Ow. Kath. Easy.
- Did I hurt you? Sorry.
Ow.
- Did it hurt?
- It's okay.
A little bit every day
to make you stronger, right?
Mm.
What happens once
I give you the moonstone?
We'll live happily ever after.
I promise.
I'll bring it tonight, I promise.
I promise you,
we're gonna get through this.
I love you, Stefan.
You know I love you.
I love you too.
- I need to talk to you.
- And when I need to talk to you...
Tyler has to kill someone to activate
his curse. He's not a werewolf yet.
Wow, fascinating. Not enough.
But Mason Lockwood is,
and he's looking for a moonstone...
...a special rock connected to the
werewolf legend. That's why he's here.
A moonstone?
- And I know where it is.
- And you're bringing me this, why?
Do I need a reason?
Look, I just wanna help, okay?
What'd your sister say
about this little discovery?
- Oh, you haven't told her, have you?
- Elena doesn't want me getting involved.
And you're a Gilbert.
You just can't help yourself.
Wow.
Your search for life's purpose
is as obvious as it is tragic.
Are you gonna let me in or not?
Jenna, thanks for helping
wrangle the volunteers.
Of course. It's for a good cause.
Plus, I have always been a sucker
for the masquerade ball.
So was Richard. This was always
his favorite party of the year.
- Wait, wait, wait.
- Boys, be careful with that.
It's from the 1800s. Excuse me.
- Tyler.
- Mom, we got it.
- Stefan. Hey.
- Hey.
I'm cooking dinner tonight.
Ric will be there.
- You should come.
- Oh, um...
You know, Elena and I,
we're kind of taking a...
- A pause.
- Really?
Because that's not what it sounded like
this morning.
Light sleeper.
You know what? I heard nothing.
- You're here.
- I'm here.
- Caroline's not coming. I told you.
- Just making sure.
Eventually, you're gonna have
to talk to her.
Could you make it less obvious
you're on her side?
- There are no sides, Bonnie.
- Come on.
Since Caroline became a vampire,
we barely see each other.
Losing Caroline was bad enough.
I didn't think I'd lose you too.
Come with me.
Where?
Not here. Someplace quiet.
We have to talk.
You didn't eat much.
Good news.
Dr. Damon said the vervain's almost
out of your system.
So with any luck,
you'll be freshly compelled...
...and back in your own bed
by tonight.
Are you really just gonna pretend
like I don't exist?
Yes. So please go.
As usual, you don't care. Got it.
Just like before I was a vampire.
It's not like I died or anything.
Are you...?
Are you really dead?
Yes and no.
How is it possible?
Ric.
What are you doing here?
Helping Damon. I'm the one
who found out about the moonstone.
Does Elena know you're here?
- Not exactly.
- What do you got?
This is Isobel's research from Duke.
Her assistant sent it to me.
- Mm. Vanessa, the hottie.
- Yeah. Vanessa. Yes.
Do you remember the Aztec curse
she told us about?
- Sun and the moon, blah, blah, blah?
- The Aztec curse. Cool.
Vampires and werewolves
used to roam freely...
...until a shaman put a curse on them
to limit their power.
Since then, uh, werewolves can only turn
on a full moon...
...and vampires are weakened
by the sun.
- Most of them, anyway.
- According to the legend...
...the werewolf part of the curse,
it's sealed with the moonstone.
- What do you mean, sealed?
- It's a witch thing.
Whatever seals the curse
is the key to unsealing the curse.
Maybe Mason believes he can
use the moonstone to break the curse.
If we start believing in
some supernatural witchy-woo legend...
...from a picture book, we're idiots.
- Who has the stone now?
- Tyler.
- Can you get it?
- Yeah.
- See? Now your life has purpose.
- So you do believe it?
It's the same book that says
a werewolf bite kills a vampire.
Ignoring it would make me
an even bigger idiot. Let's go.
I can't believe this.
It's a lot. I know.
Katherine's been doing everything that
she can to drive me and Stefan apart...
...and Caroline just got trapped
in the middle.
It's not that you and Stefan
are pretending to fight.
It's that I didn't even know
you guys were fighting at all.
I'm sorry.
I don't wanna keep things from you.
You've made it clear where you stand
with the vampire thing.
- So that makes me the odd man out?
- No. No, Bonnie, of course not.
I know where I stand, Elena,
and I know where you stand.
But where do we stand?
You're my best friend, Bonnie.
I didn't mean to let this craziness
with Caroline get in the way of that.
But she needs you too.
Not yet. I just...
She's a vampire. I can't.
I think we should get back.
- Hey, Stefan.
- Hey, Mason.
Wasn't expecting you here.
- Or anywhere.
- Yeah, I had this little accident.
But, uh, I'm fine now.
- What did you do to Sheriff Forbes?
- Oh, she's fine too.
But from now on,
you'll have to do your own dirty work.
Not a problem.
Oh.
Excuse me.
- What's the matter? You okay?
- When I touched him, I saw something.
What do you mean, like a vision?
- I saw Elena.
- You saw Elena?
He was kissing her.
No, Bonnie, Elena wouldn't kiss...
You didn't see Elena.
You saw Katherine.
- Damon, what are you doing here?
- Looking for my baby bro.
Speaking of, could you tell yours
to stop following me around?
- What's going on?
- Ask eager beaver.
- What is he making you do?
- He's not making me do anything.
- Damon and l...
- Uh, no. No way. No, no, no.
There is no "Damon and you."
There's Damon
and whoever Damon's using...
...and those people end up dead.
Whatever's going on...
...I want you to stay out of it.
- I don't care what you want.
It's because of you
that I'm in this mess.
So, I'm sorry, you don't really get
to tell me what I'm gonna do.
Katherine's with Mason Lockwood?
He got into town right after she did.
It makes perfect sense.
I know, but Mason Lockwood?
Werewolf thing aside,
the guy's a surfer.
- She's gotta be using him. She has to be.
- Using him for what?
Mason's looking for a moonstone...
...that allegedly can break
the full-moon werewolf curse.
- Maybe Katherine wants it as well.
- Why?
Well... No idea.
That's the beauty of Katherine.
She's always up to something.
How are we gonna find
this moonstone?
- Jeremy's getting it from Tyler.
- Why would you involve Jeremy?
He's playing Indiana Jones.
He involved himself.
She's this amazing girl one minute...
...and then this raging jealous freak
the next.
You know what I think
of Caroline Forbes.
She's an insecure, neurotic,
bitchy little twit.
- Hey.
- But the girl's got heart. She means well.
Just gotta take the good
with the bad sometimes.
Yeah.
I'm gonna go get an extension cord.
I'll be right back.
- Hey, man.
- Hey.
Hey, so I, uh... I did a little research
on that stone you showed me.
- What? Why?
- I don't know.
- Curiosity. Uh, boredom.
- What'd it say?
It's part of this Aztec legend. I wanna
make sure it's the same kind of stone.
- You think I could, uh, check it out again?
- Nope. Gave it to my uncle.
Why'd you do that?
Because I'm done with legends
and curses.
I don't want anything
to do with it, okay?
Yeah. Uh, yeah, sure. It's probably
just stupid folklore anyways. Forget it.
- Okay. Okay. This is as far as I go.
- Okay.
- What do you want?
- A favor.
- Like that's gonna happen.
- So predictable.
That's why I brought him.
I know how you feel
about helping us out.
Since you're the one
that linked Mason with Katherine...
...we have an opportunity to get an
upper hand on them. So just hear us out.
Pretty please.
I'm listening.
I have to fill Elena in
on what's going on.
- Can you play nice, please?
- Yes.
- Hey. You shouldn't be calling me.
- I have no idea what's happening.
Damon's got Jeremy into something.
You've got Bonnie with you.
I'm sorting stupid masquerade masks
for Mrs. Lockwood.
All right. It's okay. Hold on.
Touch Mason again,
see if he gave Katherine the moonstone.
My visions don't work like that.
- I don't get to ask questions.
- How inconvenient.
Although, let's talk about
that witchy juju thing you do with me...
...the fun one
where my brain bursts into flames.
- What is that?
- That's me giving you an aneurism.
Your blood vessels go pop,
but you heal quickly...
...so I do it over and over again.
- Is it vampire-specific?
- It'd work on anyone...
...with a supernatural healing ability.
- Good. Good, good.
Damon, I'm not gonna
help you hurt him.
Mason Lockwood's a werewolf.
Katherine's evil. They're the bad guys.
Really? You're gonna play
morality police with me right now?
They're a threat to Elena.
So you, witch,
are gonna get over yourself and help us.
Yeah, he meant that as a question
with a "please" on the end.
Absolutely.
Hey, can you move your van?
Blocked in.
Hey, how'd you get stuck
doing that by yourself?
All the guys bailed. Something about
draft picks? I don't know.
- I don't speak that language.
- Let me give you a hand.
Sorry.
So I mainly drink from blood bags.
It's not as good as the fresh stuff...
...but it beats the animal blood that
Stefan's been trying to get me to drink.
- You steal the blood from the hospital?
- Damon does.
I've been pilfering his supply, so...
As long as you have blood,
you don't need to kill?
I want to. It's my basic nature now.
But on a healthy diet, I can control it.
I'm getting better at it.
I'm better than Stefan.
He's a bit of a problem drinker.
A bloodoholic. Ha, ha.
I don't want this for you.
I know.
But when life gives you lemons...
Damon's home.
Here's his bag.
As requested.
Here. Grab that corner.
- Why are we doing this?
- I don't wanna stain the carpet.
I knew you were gonna say that.
You're judging again.
He's not gonna be out much longer.
Whoa.
Looks like this guy's used
to being tied up. Heh.
What are you doing?
You're looking for a moonstone.
I am trying to help you find it.
Good. Yeah. Find out if he gave it
to Katherine. Find out where she is.
And find out what they're gonna do
with it once they get it.
It's somewhere small. Dark.
- There's water.
- Like a sewer?
No. Like a well?
That can't be right. Yeah.
- It's a well.
- Why would it be in a well?
I told you, I only get what I get.
- No.
- That's it. That's all I got.
Hey, Judgey.
Thank you.
Come on. Wake up, wolf boy.
Hey.
Hi.
How's your mom?
Elena filled me in on everything.
Um, I'm gonna take her home tonight.
Caroline, uh...
Never mind. I gotta go.
- Did you, uh, find the moonstone thing?
- Not yet.
Do you remember that old well where
we used to play when we were kids?
Yeah.
It's in the woods.
Do you remember where?
On the edge of
the old Lockwood property. Why?
Think that's where Mason
is keeping the moonstone.
- I gotta go.
- Well, I can come with you.
No. It's okay.
Sure.
Okay.
So where's Caroline?
This is, like, her thing.
I can't believe she's not here.
She has something else to do.
Is she seeing someone?
Matt, come on.
No, she's not.
Anyone seen Mason?
He, uh... He took off.
Said he wasn't sure when he'd be back.
So weird.
I'm not even gonna ask.
I'll be right back.
Ooh.
Someone's feisty.
What?
You can hurt. Good to know.
I was afraid you were gonna be some
Beastmaster with no affinity for pain.
Oh, but you heal quickly. Not good.
Guess I'll just have
to keep applying pain.
So Katherine.
How do you know her?
What's she up to?
I have all day.
- What's going on?
- You shouldn't be here.
I know, but I am. What's going on?
Bonnie thinks the moonstone
is down here.
Hey, be careful.
Only be down there for a minute.
- Elena!
- Stefan?
Elena!
Stefan, what's happening?
- What's going on in there?
- Vervain.
Stefan!
- Stefan!
- Elena.
Caroline, Stefan's down there.
And the chain is rusted. L...
No, no, no. You can't.
It's filled with vervain.
- Caroline, we've gotta get him out.
- Well...
Now!
When did you two meet?
She seduce you and tell you
she loved you? You're supernatural...
...so she can't compel you.
I'm sure she used her other charms.
Katherine's good that way.
Thought I told you to leave.
I found something
in, uh, Ric's box of stuff.
Ooh.
What is it?
Um, I did a search on my phone.
It's a plant. Aconitum vulparia.
Grows in the, uh, mountainous areas
of the northern hemisphere.
Commonly known as aconite,
blue rocket, and wolfsbane.
What else did you read?
Every source
says something different.
One myth says it causes lycanthropy,
which sounds bogus.
Another one says that it protects people.
And another one says, well, it's toxic.
I'm guessing toxic.
What's Katherine doing
in Mystic Falls?
- Why is she here?
- She's here with me.
Why do you ask? You jealous?
How rude of me.
You know, heh, heh, I just realized
I didn't offer you anything to eat.
Yummy.
I got you. Okay?
- Okay.
- What's going on? You took off in a blur.
I heard Elena screaming.
Help her. Now.
- You ready?
- Yeah.
- Sorry.
- It's okay. Keep going.
Come on.
Hey.
Oh, my God.
- Elena, what's going on down there?
- Pull him up!
- Elena? I'm ready for you.
- Hold on.
I need to find the stone.
Hurry.
Hold on. I think I found it.
Elena, what's going on?
I got it. Come on. Bring me up.
Oh, God.
- Stefan.
I got the stone, Stefan.
Stefan, it's gonna be okay.
Everything's gonna be okay.
- What do you want with the moonstone?
- Screw you.
Wrong answer.
If he was gonna say anything,
he would've already.
- Taking your eyes now.
- The well.
- You can find it there.
- I know where it is.
I wanna know what it does
and why you want it.
- I'm getting it for Katherine.
- Why?
- She's gonna use it to lift the curse.
- Of the moon?
Why would a vampire help a werewolf
break a curse...
...that keeps them from turning
when they want?
- So I wouldn't have to turn anymore.
- Why?
Because she loves me.
No. Now I get it. You're just stupid.
Katherine doesn't love you.
She's using you, you moron.
I'm done talking.
Yes, you are.
Time to take a walk, Jeremy.
- I'm staying.
- No. You should go.
- I'm staying, Damon. He's had enough.
- Just help Tyler.
- Don't let this happen to him.
- Damon...
You wanted to be a part of this?
- Kill or be killed.
The guy's a werewolf.
He'd kill me the first chance he got.
So you suck it up or leave.
He wants me to kill him, anyway.
Don't you, Mason?
It really is a curse, isn't it?
You know, I look at you,
and I see myself.
A less dashing,
less intelligent version.
- I love her.
- Oh, I know.
I've been where you are.
But Katherine will only
rip your heart out.
Let me do it for her.
- You're pretty handy with that thing.
- Yeah, well, it's a skill. Ha, ha.
Here.
Mm. Where's the, um... The sea salt?
Table.
Are you okay?
So I pulled Stefan out of this well...
...and he's all vervained
and just rotted...
...but Bonnie wasn't mean to me once,
and I just...
I really think it's progress, you know?
I just... What?
I'm freaking you out?
It's just that you've become
this person...
Don't. L... Don't. L...
We were just starting to get along.
This strong, this confident person.
Oh.
Thank you.
You don't have to take
my memories away.
I'll keep your secret.
Look, if you're worried about them,
just say you compelled me.
I won't tell.
I'll never do anything to hurt you.
You know, we never talk like this.
Ever.
- And today meant so much to me.
- Me too.
I know...
I know I can trust you.
But you're never going to trust them.
I'm going to take you home.
You're going to forget
that I'm a vampire.
I'm gonna forget
that you're a vampire.
You'll remember you got sick
with the flu.
You had a fever. It...
Chills and ickiness.
And I made you soup...
...and it was really salty.
We bickered. You got better.
And then your selfish little daughter...
...who loves you, no matter what...
...went right back to ignoring you.
And all is right in the world.
- All this for that?
- Yup.
I see you've exercised
your usual restraint.
Had to be done.
"Carol. Big opportunity in Florida.
Gonna be gone. For a long time.
Will send for my things
once I get settled.
Much love, Mason."
Let's get rid of the body.
Ooh. Last number dialed.
- I wonder who that could possibly be.
- No, no, no. Don't provoke her.
Mason, you should've been here
an hour ago.
Wrong boy toy.
Damon.
For once, you've surprised me.
I assume Mason's with you?
He's right beside me.
Although his heart's across the room.
You shouldn't have.
I've had a very busy day today.
Killed a werewolf.
Found the moonstone.
Did you know that he hid the moonstone
in a bottom of a well full of vervain?
Guess he didn't trust you very much.
Although he did love you. Poor guy.
Hey, where are you? Because I can bring
him over. Last goodbyes and all that.
You have no idea
what you've just done.
Did I put a kink in your master plan?
I'm so sorry.
Do you honestly believe
that I don't have a Plan B?
And if that fails,
a Plan C, then a Plan D, and...
You know how
the alphabet works, don't you?
Send my love to Stefan.
Where's Jeremy?
He went up to his room.
He said he wasn't hungry.
- Who is she talking to?
- I don't know.
- Everything go okay today?
- There were a few hiccups, but yeah.
Of course. I understand.
- Elena, it's for you.
- Who is it?
- Hello?
- Hello, Elena.
- Katherine.
- Did you enjoy your little rendezvous...
...with Stefan this morning?
I will always know, Elena.
I will always be one step ahead of you.
When are you gonna figure that out?
Do you know how easy
it was to get inside of your house?
To replace Aunt Jenna's
vervain perfume?
To convince her
to stop drinking her special tea?
- No.
- Jenna's been my spy for days now.
But unlike you,
Jenna actually listens to me.
So when I suggest the world would be
a much better place if she were to just...
Jenna, no!
Jenna! Oh.
- Jenna.
- Well, you get the idea.
Trauma team to the ER.
Is she okay?
The doctors told Alaric
that she got lucky.
She's gonna make it.
She's gonna be okay.
- Does she remember what happened?
- No. Nothing.
It's all part of Katherine's
mind compulsion.
Now, why would Katherine
hurt Jenna?
Because she's trying
to send a message.
- That she could get to anybody.
- Hey. Hey. Hey. Come here.
- Look, it's gonna be okay.
- No, it's not.
She's gonna pay, Elena.
I don't know how,
but she's gonna pay.
- Looks good.
- Thanks.
It was nice to see Matt today.
He hasn't been around for a while.
We've both been busy, I guess.
Have you seen Mason?
The guy's been AWOL all day.
Actually, Tyler...
...Mason headed back to Florida.
- What?
- I'm sorry, honey.
I know how much you two hit it off.
- So he just left?
- I was hoping he'd stick around.
I thought that,
with your dad gone, that...
Anyway, he's gone.
So I guess it's just you and me now.
I'm so sorry.
We were stupid.
Sneaking around, thinking
that we weren't gonna get caught.
- I know.
- We did this.
Stefan, Jenna's in the hospital,
and Jeremy could be next.
All because we didn't listen to her.
Because...
Because we're together.
- Stefan...
- I know what you're gonna say to me.
Then let me say it.
I've been so selfish
because I love you so much...
...and I know how much you love me.
But it's over.
- Stefan, it has to be.
- Elena, I don't...
No, Stefan.
It has to be.
Elena.
I riled Katherine up. L...
- I wasn't thinking. I didn't think.
- It doesn't matter, Damon.
She won.
Katherine won.
I apologize if I seem rattled.
Circumstances have changed suddenly,
and I had to adjust.
Mind control is a necessary evil.
You see, I need a werewolf,
and I've lost the one that I had.
Now tell me what you're going to do
to help me get a new one.
I'm going to go after Tyler Lockwood.
And you're not going to stop.
And I'm not going to stop.
Until?
Until he kills me.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org